July meeting notes (#337)
tc39/tc39-notes: meetings/2024-07/july-31.md

JMN: I think the thinking or justification there, it is not a very good strong justification, is that the NaNs would not be comparable. And so undefined is at least a possible value but then of course another approach is just to bail out and return false at any time.

WH: Yeah, returning tri-state values works for 5 out the 6 but will give you incorrect results for *notEquals*.

JMN: Yup. And so—

MM: So, since these things are not the symbols, because they are only named methods and therefore, it is up to us to—it says we just don’t have just a single cmp method, so why not a single cmp method with a four value output, and so less than 0 equals would ambiguously deal with this in a straightforward way.

WH: We do have a *compare* method that does exactly that. The reason I also want *equals* and *lessThan*, etc. methods is that those are very common operations, and making everybody compare decimals for equality by calling *compare* and comparing the result with a Number is just a recipe for typos and bugs.

JMN: The presentation might have been misleading. *compare* is there but these things are also there.

MM: Okay.

CDA: Mark?

MM: That is it for me.

CDA: DE?

> DE: Given that we have *compare* I like the WH discussion on using compare or false. And so tristate is already that multistate thing but I think we can agree on this in principle today, and make that change during Stage 2. I have to admit I was confused when I saw that, and I should have raised that before, and I assumed it was WH asking it to be this tristate thing but yeah. Other people will put this if an “if” statement or and. And you will not just notice the tristate thing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DE: I like the idea from WH of having comparison functions return only true or false, given that we have `compare` for the tristate. We can iterate on this detail during Stage 2 though.
```
